you wake up but don't hurry to open your
eyes
on one hand you feel surprisingly well
rested
on the other your body feels strangely
stiff
ah that must be because you fell asleep
not on your comfy bed but lying on
wait what is it exactly you're lying on
you sit up and finally look around
there isn't much to see because you're
surrounded by almost complete darkness
ah it started yesterday you were driving
home when you heard some news on the
radio
one of the largest shopping malls in
your area was closing for good
it had something to do with bankruptcy
or relocation you don't really care
what you pay attention to though is the
words 90
discount on everything ah the shopping
mall is quite far from the city
but you decide it's worth making a
detour
you rummage in your memory a bit more
you recall going from one store to
another
choosing paying your bags getting
heavier and more numerous
and then you remember that fateful
moment you got so
tired that a bench in a quiet nook on
the first floor
seemed like the best place to have a nap
you must have fallen asleep
and it suddenly dawns on you they
haven't noticed you
and locked you inside you relax a bit
how bad can it be it's unlikely such a
huge shopping mall
with hundreds of stores and all kinds of
entertainment
will be abandoned all at once which
means some staff members will arrive
soon
and let you out you reach into your
pocket and fish out your phone
11am it's late enough for the workers to
be already in the mall
then finally it occurs to you that you
don't have to wander around in the dark
one press of your thumb and the
flashlight on your phone is on
ah much better it takes you more than an
hour to explore them all
not a living soul you feel a bit
disheartened
anyway you're getting tired of wandering
in the dark all alone
time to call for help you unlock your
phone finger
lingering over your best friend's name
and then
you realize one thing you've been
dreaming of getting into such a
situation for
ages you're locked in a mall with no one
around
you can do anything you want that's how
you make the most
terrible mistake in your life you switch
on airplane mode on your phone
so that no one bothers you and go have
some fun
you need to figure out how to turn on
the lights no switches you come across
seem to work
apparently before leaving them all they
shut off the electrical power
but there must be a backup power
generator in such a large building
after searching for what seems to be
ours you see what you've been looking
for
after some fumbling the light is on it's
not as bright as when the mall is open
but it's still something time to have
fun
you don't need to think where to go
first not with how loudly your stomach
is rumbling
supermarket you start with a sandwich
just to make the annoying growling a bit
quieter
after you're done you get a shopping
cart and start to walk down the aisles
everything that catches your eye goes
into the cart
finally you're sure you won't be left
starving strangely it happens when you
can't cram
anything else into your cart you find a
pretty cafe
choose a table and begin your feast half
an hour later
you realize you've overeaten time to go
explore
other stores by the evening you've tried
on
dozens of clothes it's settled then
you'll change your style dramatically
once you're out of the mall expensive
clothes suit you
so much better you've picked the
presents for your friends and relatives
you've played arcade games you've tasted
all 33 flavors in the ice cream parlor
you can now navigate the food court with
your eyes closed
you found a gym with tons of curious
equipment that left you intrigued
and you've made sure there's no one but
you in the entire building
by 11 pm you are exhausted you go to a
furniture store and
fall down on the first bed on your way
you don't feel like switching
off the light and staying in the
darkness of a huge empty mall
tomorrow you promise yourself tomorrow
you'll go home
even if no one comes to open the mall
you'll call your family
in the morning nothing seems to have
changed no opening doors
no voices nothing okay then time to call
for
help you reach into your pocket to dig
out your phone
and your blood runs cold after hours of
searching around
you have to accept a horrifying truth
you've lost your only hope to be rescued
several more hours and you have to admit
there's no way to get out of the mall
whoever locked it made sure every single
door or window was tightly closed
you rushed to the electronics store and
only see empty shelves
what were the odds of this happening
with the only store you needed no less
well it seems you're stuck here you've
been doing yoga for years
you've been studying to remain calm no
matter what that's why you give yourself
five minutes to run around and scream
then you try to think reasonably you
seem to have everything you need
food clothes books a laundry and so many
bathrooms you can visit a new one every
day
you even have your own movie theater
that can seat hundreds of people
a ball pit and arcade games it can't be
so hard to stay on your own for a week
or two
after all they have to be looking for
you out there
after coming to this conclusion you
start making yourself
comfortable you spot a cozy corner in
the furniture store
and choose the softest bed you can find
to put there
after hours of sweating and grunting you
finally have an ikea style apartment
you've been dreaming about
if you have to wait you'll wait in
comfort
several months have passed and you feel
down in the dumps
but loneliness isn't the only reason why
you're that miserable
the main issue is a lack of sunlight
you learn the hard way how important
getting enough sun is
you become moody well moodier than you
used to be
your days and nights got a bit messed up
you find it hard to fall asleep
and even harder to wake up you don't
have to worry about your health too much
after stumbling upon tanning beds
now you regularly get your tiny doses of
uv
light that help your body produce
vitamin d
but the most horrifying discovery you
gain
too much unwanted weight on second
thought
extra inches around your waist might
have nothing to do with no sunlight
your recent obsession with supermarket
snack shelves might be to blame
on the bright side you can easily go and
pick another piece of clothing
once you grow out of a smaller size not
everyone is lucky to have such an
opportunity
and still when you realize you've put on
enough weight to start worrying about a
new wardrobe
you go to the gym everyday physical
activity makes you feel much better
surprisingly you also become more
cheerful just
like you used to be before the whole
mall situation
but it can't help you with how lonely
you feel
you've taken up talking to yourself in
the morning you'd complain about the
mattress that needs replacing
in the afternoon you'd loudly wonder
where you'd like to have lunch
in the supermarket or maybe in the
supermarket
before going to bed you wish yourself
the sweetest dreams
it doesn't bother you too much but you
still hope you'll get rescued soon
enough
it's been a bit more than a year since
you were locked away in the giant
shopping mall
you have come to compare yourself with a
person living on an
uninhabited island this island has
comfortable furniture
a huge choice of designer clothing
almost
unlimited supplies of food there are no
people
but also you don't have to hide from
wild animals and venomous snakes
so all in all it's not that bad
right